README.md, before:

# Repository Purpose
This repository is for designing solutions for an enterprise with developers across the world. It contains various projects and code samples related to the owner's tech stack and learning journey.

# 💫 About Me:
🔭 I’m currently working on Designing solutions for an Enterprise with developers across the world<br><br>🌱 I’m currently learning Math and Datascience<br><br>💬 Ask me about anything Tech - 💻 💾 🎮<br><br>📫 How to reach me: Rakeshkrishnan01@gmail.com<br><br>⚡ Fun fact: I love learning about bugs 🪲 both in nature and in tech 


## 🌐 Blog:
[![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@rakeshkrishnan01) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat-square&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=flat-square&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![YAML](https://img.shields.io/badge/yaml-%23ffffff.svg?style=flat-square&logo=yaml&logoColor=151515) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=flat-square&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![GithubPages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=flat-square&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=flat-square&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=flat-square&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=flat-square&logo=blender&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=flat-square&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=flat-square&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Splunk](https://img.shields.io/badge/splunk-%23000000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=splunk&logoColor=white) ![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=flat-square&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black) ![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GH-user-001&theme=merko&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=GH-user-001&theme=merko&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=GH-user-001&theme=merko&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GH-user-001&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=GH-user-001&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Add cleanup workflow to delete old repositories
Add a new GitHub Action workflow to delete repositories not updated for more than 3 months.

* **README.md**
  - Add a new section "## Cleanup Workflow" to describe the purpose of the cleanup workflow.
  - Mention the location of the cleanup workflow file in the new section.

* **.github/workflows/cleanup.yml**
  - Create a new GitHub Action workflow file for cleanup.
  - Define the workflow to run manually using `workflow_dispatch`.
  - Add a job to list all repositories of the user.
  - Add a step to filter repositories not updated for more than 3 months.
  - Add a step to delete the filtered repositories.

---

For more details, open the [Copilot Workspace session](https://copilot-workspace.githubnext.com/GH-user-001/GH-user-001?shareId=XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX).

README.md, after:

# Repository Purpose
This repository is for designing solutions for an enterprise with developers across the world. It contains various projects and code samples related to the owner's tech stack and learning journey.

# 💫 About Me:
🔭 I’m currently working on Designing solutions for an Enterprise with developers across the world<br><br>🌱 I’m currently learning Math and Datascience<br><br>💬 Ask me about anything Tech - 💻 💾 🎮<br><br>📫 How to reach me: Rakeshkrishnan01@gmail.com<br><br>⚡ Fun fact: I love learning about bugs 🪲 both in nature and in tech 


## 🌐 Blog:
[![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@rakeshkrishnan01) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat-square&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=flat-square&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![YAML](https://img.shields.io/badge/yaml-%23ffffff.svg?style=flat-square&logo=yaml&logoColor=151515) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=flat-square&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![GithubPages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=flat-square&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=flat-square&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=flat-square&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=flat-square&logo=blender&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=flat-square&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=flat-square&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Splunk](https://img.shields.io/badge/splunk-%23000000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=splunk&logoColor=white) ![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=flat-square&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black) ![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GH-user-001&theme=merko&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=GH-user-001&theme=merko&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=GH-user-001&theme=merko&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GH-user-001&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

## Cleanup Workflow
This repository contains a GitHub Action workflow to delete repositories not updated for more than 3 months. The cleanup workflow file is located at `.github/workflows/cleanup.yml`.

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=GH-user-001&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
